[Serializer] Add flag to require all properties to be listed in the input (#49553)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Serializer/CHANGELOG.md

6.3
---

>  * Add `REQUIRE_ALL_PROPERTIES` context flag to `AbstractNormalizer` prevent nullable properties to be set to null when missing and not optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add `AbstractNormalizer::REQUIRE_ALL_PROPERTIES` context flag to require all properties to be listed in the input instead of falling back to null for nullable ones
```

6.3
---

> * Add `PREVENT_NULLABLE_FALLBACK` context flag to `AbstractNormalizer` prevent nullable properties to be set to null when missing and not optional.

Reviewer 2: please keep the space at the beginning

Author: Ah my bad, must have happened through sorting. Is fixed 🙂
